speak
until the internat
better the kebab got his knee
find for a video as you have
seen in the title to the miniature air so
hurry a little bit because I want the
quickly do that I was trying to
do super fast so it's for
so have xbox live subscription
for free in very easily so
first of all you go on facebook
so or you create an account
here we hide no less than to think and
that you're curtaining so curtain
what is there I will put the link of the
facebook pay cash in schools are
not there so there is already a lot of
people but you go in
the xbox live app so yours
go tell me yeah I do not know it's
not at all a tactic and everything is
went to the site
but not because you will see that
these spanish and not necessarily everything
myself google translation which is from
not necessarily translate the same the same
writing that in Spain notes a small
technique that is 2 not at the dock but of
to go see the codings for precisely
try to have quicker and more
basement so to you go on the
Gaillard did not always fall
on the xbox live
but you have to come across xbox
live so here I think yeah that's the
room last chance
so no it's not going to work there it's okay
put ko before
So here it is that did not work
so what I'm going to do is I
go offline my account and I'm going to
reconnect to another account here is
all said
so back world you can see the
cus 60 to 75 9 cases it's been a long time
that I can go on that account I
has two best steers that you
then you will type doritos again
once back all me perso it was
for a long time that I do not have to like
wanted the page
so it may be that the video brothel
the application we will type that if I
warn you jumped light it worked
not two seconds ago so here we are
So here we go click on I like
this is even if I leaked
now refresh the page
so we come we have nothing no no no we
reads so what are you replaying so what is
okay I'm far from winning but these
screens here nickel so I have
won guys so that turns yeah so
there I won 9 we can see that they are going
you're lined up so there you
go do a little optics so that
I found myself so you go
right click on a question here
l es s nicolau inspected for food
the info is under opera google chrome or
firefox and seems to me here you go
unroll the dregs here you press
here and there you will see
he remains an equal on the ground so that's
the value beyond the answer ok so
there you go see hayden so hide that
means respect respects to coke to
voters that means the answer
correct worth to tell yourself that the question
2 it's the valident so went to see have
unrolled lee -la two so it's senna
response 2 equals worth there
two that means it's this one
two so the correct answer to 22 finally
2 and answer 2 so that's where the two
you want it to ah ben arm
So here you go there to Nimes
click abelin finally lens actually at
a question that I think you accept
he confesses can see you are given the
famous code is live box
and then here is me as I do not have
need me just copied I give it to
can someone see that I have my code
xbox live
and then here is the notepad here
and the gym and rating so here you are and the
code it will you use it on the box
me personally I do not have much sense but
here I hope it did not take you
subscribe click and here I say
soon to open worse